Update connnect-bigquery.md (#7405)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connnect-bigquery.md

- **BigQuery:** Supports all connection types (Use this option)
- **BigQuery (Legacy):**  Supports all connection types except for WIF (Deprecated feature. Do not use)

> All new connections should use the **BigQuery** option as **BigQuery (Legacy)** will be deprecated. To update the connection and credentials in an existing environment to use the new BigQuery option, use the API to remove the existing connection and credentials. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All new connections should use the **BigQuery** option as **BigQuery (Legacy)** will be deprecated. To update existing connections and credentials in an environment to use the new BigQuery option, first, use the [APIs](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/admin-cloud-api) to remove the configurations. 
```
